Introduction
We want to create an application for the end user to compare compensation for multiple jobs so that they can determine what the best opportunity for them is. 
We will be using the USP model for our project planning. 

Glossary
USP: Unified Software Process

Deliverable 1 - Inception (due 2/26/2023)

Here we take the product from an idea, and utilizing various steps detailed below in the entry criteria, take it to a vision for the end project. We determine the scope of the project, and make the business case for the criteria. 


Entry Criteria: 
Vision Document: will contain general vision of the core project requirements, features, and main constraints
Create a business case (is the project worth doing/what are the main risks that would make the project a failure/what are the criteria for success)
Create an initial use case model
Cretae a project glossary
Initial version of the software architecture
What are the resource requirements for the project
Create the project plan, showing different parts of the life cycle and entry/exit criteria/resource planning/and dates for the project.

Exit Criteria: 
Stakeholders agree on scope/definition/schedule estimates
Understanding of requirements by validating the user cases with the stakeholders
Credibility of prioritization/risks/proposed schedule/development process

Deliverable 2 - Elaboration (due 3/05/2023)

Here we will determine the initial vision of the application, who are the main users of the application, and what the application will be doing for them. Our product aims to allow a user to compare multiple job offers utilizing specific criteria, 
to detemrine which one will be the best for them from a monetary perspective. Create a rough draft of the architecture for the application, identify the main risks, and start project planning. 


Entry Criteria: 
Nearly complete use case model 
Supplementary requirements
Refine software architecture
Design model
Test cases
Executable prototype
Revised project plan
Updated risk assessment
Develop a user manual

Exit Criteria
Is the vision/architecture stable
Have the major risks been addressed/resolved in the prototype?
Project plan is sufficiently detailed/accurate
Stakeholder alignment on current acheivability of vision 
Current resource expenditure is acceptable 

If exit criteria is not met, we will need to cancel the project or revise the scope of the project. 


Deliverable 3 (due 3/12/2023)

Construction Phase- Here this is where most of the development of the prototype will occur. Here we will shift from intellectual property development to project development.  

Entry Criteria:
All features are developed for the product
Use cases have been realized, along with traceability
All features have been successfully tested
Software product has been integrated on adequate platforms
Complete system test results 
User Manual 

Exit Criteria:
Product is stable and ready to be deployed to users 
Stakeholders are ready to be active users of the product
Resources/expenditure on the project is acceptable 

Failure to meet exit criteria may postpone release

Deliverable 4 - Transition (due 3/19/2023

Entry Criteria: 
Project Completed
Lessons learned
Issues after deployment reported by end users

Exit Criteria
Are users satisfied? 
Are maintenance expenditures acceptable.
